SEOImages: User Story 1463880, Part 32 (#11417)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wpf/advanced/walkthrough-hosting-a-wpf-clock-in-win32.md

The following graphic shows the intended end product of this tutorial:

![Screenshot that shows the Date and Time Properties dialog box.](./media/walkthrough-hosting-a-wpf-clock-in-win32/date-time-properties-dialog.png)

> You can recreate this dialog by creating C++ [!INCLUDE[TLA2#tla_win32](../../../../includes/tla2sharptla-win32-md.md)] project in [!INCLUDE[TLA#tla_visualstu](../../../../includes/tlasharptla-visualstu-md.md)], and using the dialog editor to create the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can recreate this dialog by creating a C++ Win32 project in Visual Studio, and using the dialog editor to create the following:
```
